Update set-up-for-high-availability.md (#75356)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/set-up-for-high-availability.md

# Set up Grafana for high availability

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> Setting up Grafana for High Availability requires additional steps for the Alerting HA, in order to avoid duplicate alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional steps are required to set up Grafana for high availability in order to prevent duplicate alerts in the Alerting HA.
```

Please check the [## Alerting high availability](#alerting-high-availability) section below.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
